Need to add a very important note about images version tag (#1399)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/platforms/kubernetes/concepts/managing-images.md

For security reasons (e.g., in air-gapped environments), you may want to pull the images
from a public registry once and then push them to a private registry under
your control.

> **Note:** It is very important that the images you are pushing to the private registry have the same exact version tag than the original images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ % warning %}}It is very important that the images you are pushing to the private registry have the same exact version tag as the original images. {{% /warning %}}
```

> {{ % warning %}}It is very important that the images you are pushing to the private registry have the same exact version tag as the original images. {{% /warning %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ < warning >}}It is very important that the images you are pushing to the private registry have the same exact version tag as the original images. {{< /warning >}}
```

> {{ < warning >}}It is very important that the images you are pushing to the private registry have the same exact version tag as the original images. {{< /warning >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<warning>}}It is very important that the images you are pushing to the private registry have the same exact version tag as the original images. {{</warning>}}
```
